README.md, before:

# Model Inference with llama.cpp

This guide explains how to set up your environment to run optimized inference with llama.cpp. Follow these steps:

---

## 1. Create and Activate the Conda Environment

Make sure you have [Conda](https://www.anaconda.com/docs/getting-started/miniconda/main) installed (via Anaconda or Miniconda). Create a new environment named **ct** with Python version 3.12.8:

```bash
conda create --name ct python=3.12.8
conda activate ct
```

---

## 2. GPU Acceleration Setup for Llama.cpp

### Prerequisites
- Install CUDA Toolkit 12.8 (or newer) from the official NVIDIA website.
- Verify that your NVIDIA GPU (for example, an RTX 4090 with compute capability 8.9 [Get the value from here, remove dot and insert it to the -DCMAKE_CUDA_ARCHITECTURES parameter](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-gpus)) is supported.

### Build Instructions
1. Open a Windows Command Prompt.
2. Configure and build llama.cpp by running the following commands:
```bash
cmake -B build -DGGML_CUDA=ON -DCMAKE_CUDA_COMPILER="C:\Program Files\NVIDIA GPU Computing Toolkit\CUDA\v12.8\bin\nvcc.exe" -DCMAKE_CUDA_ARCHITECTURES="89" && cmake --build build --config Release
```

---

## 3. Download a GGUF Model

1. **Download the Gemma 3 1B Model:**
   - Visit [unsloth/gemma-3-1b-it-GGUF](https://huggingface.co/unsloth/gemma-3-1b-it-GGUF/tree/main)
   - Download the Q4_K_M quantized model file (ending with .gguf extension)
   - This quantization level provides a good balance between model size and inference quality

---

## 4. Running the Llama Server

1. Open a new Command Prompt.
2. Set the CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES environment variable and start the server with your model by running:
```bash
set CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=-0 && ..\llama.cpp\build\bin\Release\llama-server --model ..\models\gemma-3-1b-it-Q4_K_M.gguf --n-gpu-layers 420
```
(set up a high gpu layers number to increase the models inference speed)

3. The server will start and display information about the model and inference settings.
4. Connect to the server using HTTP requests to localhost on the default port.

---

EDIT THIS LATER?

- Other useful parameters:
  - `--ctx-size`: Context window size (default: 2048)
  - `--batch-size`: Batch size for prompt processing
  - `--threads`: Number of CPU threads to use
  - `--stream`: Enable streaming mode

---

## 5. Running the program
```bash
main.py [REPO FOLDER LOCATION]
```

Commit message:

feat: improved git diff analysis, including multi-repo support

README.md, after:

# Model Inference with llama.cpp

This guide explains how to set up your environment to run optimized inference with llama.cpp. Follow these steps:

---

## 1. Create and Activate the Conda Environment

Make sure you have [Conda](https://www.anaconda.com/docs/getting-started/miniconda/main) installed (via Anaconda or Miniconda). Create a new environment named **ct** with Python version 3.12.8:

```bash
conda create --name ct python=3.12.8
conda activate ct
```

---

## 2. GPU Acceleration Setup for Llama.cpp

### Prerequisites
- Install CUDA Toolkit 12.8 (or newer) from the official NVIDIA website.
- Verify that your NVIDIA GPU (for example, an RTX 4090 with compute capability 8.9 [Get the value from here, remove dot and insert it to the -DCMAKE_CUDA_ARCHITECTURES parameter](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-gpus)) is supported.

### Build Instructions
1. Open a Windows Command Prompt.
2. Configure and build llama.cpp by running the following commands:
```bash
cmake -B build -DGGML_CUDA=ON -DCMAKE_CUDA_COMPILER="C:\Program Files\NVIDIA GPU Computing Toolkit\CUDA\v12.8\bin\nvcc.exe" -DCMAKE_CUDA_ARCHITECTURES="89" && cmake --build build --config Release
```

---

## 3. Download a GGUF Model

1. **Download the Gemma 3 1B Model:**
   - Visit [unsloth/gemma-3-1b-it-GGUF](https://huggingface.co/unsloth/gemma-3-1b-it-GGUF/tree/main)
   - Download the Q4_K_M quantized model file (ending with .gguf extension)
   - This quantization level provides a good balance between model size and inference quality

---

## 4. Running the Llama Server

1. Open a new Command Prompt.
2. Set the CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES environment variable and start the server with your model by running:
```bash
set CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=-0 && ..\llama.cpp\build\bin\Release\llama-server --model ..\models\gemma-3-1b-it-Q4_K_M.gguf --n-gpu-layers 420
```
(set up a high gpu layers number to increase the models inference speed)

3. The server will start and display information about the model and inference settings.
4. Connect to the server using HTTP requests to localhost on the default port.

---

EDIT THIS LATER?

- Other useful parameters:
  - `--ctx-size`: Context window size (default: 2048)
  - `--batch-size`: Batch size for prompt processing
  - `--threads`: Number of CPU threads to use
  - `--stream`: Enable streaming mode

---

## 5. Running the program

You can monitor a single Git repository:
```bash
python main.py /path/to/repo
```

### Multi-Repository Support

The program now supports monitoring multiple Git repositories simultaneously:
```bash
python main.py /path/to/repo1 /path/to/repo2 /path/to/repo3
```

When monitoring multiple repositories:
- The program processes each repository individually when you press the hotkey
- Diff content for each repository is saved to separate files (output_repo-name.txt)
- LLM responses and commits will be labeled with the repository name
- Invalid repositories will be skipped with a warning

### Other Options

Additional command-line options:
```bash
python main.py /path/to/repo [options]

Options:
  --server-url URL        URL of the llama server (default: http://localhost:8080)
  --hotkey KEY            Hotkey combination to trigger LLM feedback (default: alt+q)
  --temperature TEMP      Temperature parameter for text generation (default: 0.7)
  --max-tokens TOKENS     Maximum number of tokens to generate (default: 512)
  --context-length LENGTH Context length for the model (default: 2048)
```
