evals/scripts/README.md, before:

# Repository Dataset Evaluation Generator

This directory contains scripts for creating evaluation sets from repository datasets.

## create_eval_set_from_repo_datasets.py

This script generates evaluation YAML files for the Diff Analyzer model by processing JSON datasets containing Git diffs and commit messages.

### Requirements

Install the required dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Usage

```bash
python create_eval_set_from_repo_datasets.py [OPTIONS]
```

#### Options

- `--datasets-dir PATH`: Directory containing JSON datasets (default: ../finetuning/repo_datasets)
- `--output-file PATH`: Output YAML file path (default: diff_analyzer_eval_generated.yaml)
- `--max-entries N`: Maximum entries to include per dataset (default: 10)

### Example

```bash
# Generate evaluation set with default settings
python create_eval_set_from_repo_datasets.py

# Generate evaluation set with custom path and entry limit
python create_eval_set_from_repo_datasets.py --datasets-dir /path/to/datasets --max-entries 20
```

### Output

The script will:

1. Read all JSON files in the specified datasets directory
2. Create an assertion prompt file in the assertion_prompts directory
3. Generate a YAML file containing evaluation tests for each dataset entry
4. Output status messages with information about the process

The generated YAML can be used with the evaluation framework to test the Diff Analyzer model's performance.

Commit message:

Make that it uses the existing assertion prompt instead of generating it every single time

evals/scripts/README.md, after:

# Repository Dataset Evaluation Generator

This directory contains scripts for creating evaluation sets from repository datasets.

## create_eval_set_from_repo_datasets.py

This script generates evaluation YAML files for the Diff Analyzer model by processing JSON datasets containing Git diffs and commit messages.

### Requirements

Install the required dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Usage

```bash
python create_eval_set_from_repo_datasets.py [OPTIONS]
```

#### Options

- `--datasets-dir PATH`: Directory containing JSON datasets (default: ../../finetuning/repo_datasets)
- `--output-file PATH`: Output YAML file path (default: diff_analyzer_eval_generated.yaml)
- `--max-entries N`: Maximum entries to include per dataset (default: 10)

### Example

```bash
# Generate evaluation set with default settings
python create_eval_set_from_repo_datasets.py

# Generate evaluation set with custom path and entry limit
python create_eval_set_from_repo_datasets.py --datasets-dir /path/to/datasets --max-entries 20
```

### Output

The script will:

1. Read all JSON files in the specified datasets directory
2. Use the existing assertion prompt from `assertion_prompts/diff_analyzer_assertion.md`
3. Generate a YAML file containing evaluation tests for each dataset entry
4. Output status messages with information about the process

The script expects the assertion prompt file to exist at the path `assertion_prompts/diff_analyzer_assertion.md`. The generated YAML can be used with the evaluation framework to test the Diff Analyzer model's performance.
